Hello everyone and
welcome to Lesson 1 of this module,
module three here with the multimedia
aspects of the Internet of Things.
In this lesson, as always, we want to
kind of cover what you're going to
see in general in the next
couple of videos.
So we're going to start out by
talking about Computer Vision, right?
>> Yeah, Computer Vision, so that's the
application we'll be building later on.
We mentioned before so we'll be
building a Computer Vision application.
We talk about, what is Computer Vision?
You guys probably don't
know what it is quite yet.
>> It is what it sounds like, right?
[LAUGH] We want to give you
some of their characteristics,
and we also want to give you some
examples and applications that
you might be able to apply what we're
going to show you in the future.
>> Yeah, just like the last course.
It's pretty Bare Bones app, so
feel free to take our suggestions,
or whatever you guys can
think of then add to it.
>> Absolutely, so we look forward to
seeing you in the next videos coming up.